README.md, before:

# Week-One-BootCamp
This is the week one homework repository

## Description
This repository contains the urban-octo-telegram assignment which requires refactoring of the existing code for improved accessibility which will improve SEO. The refactoring includes specific CSS, HTML and commenting updates within the new code to make it more accessible.  The specific requirements and acceptance criteria are included in the README file of the project which can be found here  urban-octo-telegram\README.md

The outcome of this assignment is meant to improve CSS, HTML and Git skills for laying the foundation for full stack development expertise.


## Installation
N/A at this time.


## Usage

This assignment can be used as examples of SEO and accessibility improvements. 

## Updates and Refactoring items updated 4/13/2023
Updates made include:
- comments in CSS file to more easily find the css selectors
- consolidating some css elements to create more efficiency with the css
- adding change of text hover on menu items to increase accessibility
- changed color of the "seo" within the name to increase the contrast of colors
- fixed the link for the SEO menu item
- updated header structure to ensure orderly progression of header elements


## License
Licensed under MIT License. Please see separate license details in Repo.

Commit message:

final css changes and comments

README.md, after:

# Week-One-BootCamp
This is the week one homework repository


## Description
This repository contains the urban-octo-telegram assignment which requires refactoring of the existing code for improved accessibility which will improve SEO. The refactoring includes specific CSS, HTML and commenting updates within the new code to make it more accessible.  The specific requirements and acceptance criteria are included in the README file of the project which can be found here  urban-octo-telegram\README.md

The outcome of this assignment is meant to improve CSS, HTML and Git skills for laying the foundation for full stack development expertise.


## Installation
N/A at this time.


## Usage

This assignment can be used as examples of SEO and accessibility improvements. 


## Updates and Refactoring items updated 4/13/2023
Updates include:
- comments in CSS file to more easily find the css selectors
- comments in CSS file to document changes made and selectors that were deprecated (not sure if this is appropriate)
- addition of a global color attribute
- consolidation of some css elements to create more efficiency
- addition of text hover on menu items to increase accessibility
- update of the "seo" color within the name to increase the contrast
- fixing the link for the SEO menu item
- updates to the header structure to ensure orderly progression of header elements, including change of footer heading selector
- inclusion of alt attibutes to help identify images

## License
Licensed under MIT License. Please see separate license details in Repo.
